#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.3.4
    # via starlette
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via notebook
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via uvicorn
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via uvicorn
cupy-cuda111==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   moviepy
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fastapi==0.70.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastrlock==0.8
    # via cupy-cuda111
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imageio==2.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.29.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.2.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.0.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
notebook==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cupy-cuda111
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   moviepy
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   scipy
opencv-python-headless==4.5.4.58
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.2
    # via bleach
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via imageio
proglog==0.1.9
    # via moviepy
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via fastapi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.11.2
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
scipy==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
starlette==0.16.0
    # via fastapi
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
    #   proglog
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via pydantic
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.6.0
    # via importlib-resource